My name is Maska Mahamba.
I love the preaching work.
However, my various illnesses
prevent me from giving
my all in the ministry.
My first wife died,
and we had six children.
I was alone with the six children,
and then I married Beatrice,
who has five children.
Since we are living in the last days
of this system, it is not easy.
I like the example of Jesus,
who was passionate about preaching
the message that he shared.
At the same time,
he took into account
the suffering of the people of his time.
He would take time to show kindness,
to encourage, and to heal.
The branch sees where there is a need
and then organizes a humanitarian mission.
I believe I can use my medical skills
to help our brothers.
It is love,
not just in writing,
but in action.
It’s a real joy
to help these brothers who need us
in remote locations far from towns.
It is always a pleasure.
Well, the two are the same;
both eardrums are completely perforated.
Well, we are here
in the village of Walikale in the middle
of the forest on the main road
—well, the only road in the village.
It serves as our runway.
I can’t bear to see anyone suffer,
so I use all my skills to try
to find a solution.
What moves me to help the brothers
is what Jesus said,
that “there is more happiness in giving than
. . . in receiving.”
A long day
—really very tiring—
but at the same time,
there was an encouraging case:
Brother Munyakaragwe, 68 years old,
10 years in the regular pioneer service,
and he has 15 Bible studies.
This brother came
from the territory on a motorcycle.
It took him two and a half hours
on a very rough road
instead of an hour and a half
because he has a paralyzed leg.
And he was able to go
back to his field service,
well, with some medication.
So it was really encouraging to see him
getting on the motorcycle
with a smile on his face.
These are mosquito nets for those in need,
and there’s a big need here.
So we give them to each family.
You know, to protect your baby,
one of the best things is for him
to sleep under a mosquito net.
Jehovah has done well because he has gone
through you to provide us with care.
We are very grateful.
We thank the many brothers
who have volunteered to serve us.
I thank Jehovah because without him
our identifying mark of unity wouldn’t exist.
You have helped me.
I had this problem for two years.
Now I’m so happy.
I will be able to hear at the meetings again.
Thank you.
The brothers are aware
that they must thank Jehovah,
and we ourselves are aware
that all of this is possible
thanks to Jehovah’s holy spirit
and his organization.